.TH hsh 1 "10 April 2022" "1.0" "Simple Shell"
.SH NAME
hsh - command interpreter (shell)
.SH SYNOPSIS
hsh
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B hsh
is a copy of the standard command interpreter for the system. This project is made for learning purposes. Made by Holberton School.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Overview
The shell is a command that reads lines from either a file or the terminal, interprets them, and generally executes other commands. Has an non-interactive mode, commands can be typed directly to the running shell or can be put into a file and the file can be executed directly by the shell.
.SS Search and Execution
There are three types of commands: shell functions, builtin commands, and normal programs. They each are executed in a different way.
Shell builtins are executed internally to the shell, without spawning a new process.
If the command name doesn't match a function or builtin, the command is searched for as a normal program in the file system.
.SS Path Search
When locating a command, the shell first looks to see if it has a shell function by that name. Then it looks for a builtin command by that name. If a builtin command is not found, one of two things happen:

1. Command names containing a slash are simply executed without performing any searches.

2. The shell searches each entry in PATH in turn for the command. The value of the PATH variable should be a series of entries separated by colons. Each entry consists of a directory name. The current directory may be indicated implicitly by an empty directory name, or explicitly by a single period.
.SS Command Exit Status
Each command has an exit status.
.SS Builtins
This section lists the builtin commands which are builtin because they need to perform some operation that can't be performed by a separate process.
.TP
.I exit
Exits the shell
.TP
.I env
Prints the current environment
.TP
.I setenv
Initialize a new environment variable, or modify an existing one
.TP
.I unsetenv
Remove an environment variable
.TP
.I cd
Changes the current directory of the process
.TP
.I alias
Prints a list of all aliases
.TP
.I help
Displays the help page
.TP
.I history
Displays the history list
.SS Environment
PATH' The default search path for executables.

PWD' The logical value of the current working directory. This is set by the cd command.

OLDPWD' The previous logical value of the current working directory. This is set by the cd command.
.SH SEE ALSO
dash(1)
.SH BUGS
Not known.
.SH AUTHOR
Nacho Peralta & Kevin Fundora